# Readme

This is a web app emulates the Sigma16 computer architecture and assembly language. It consists of three modules:
 - SigmaEmu.Core - a [Blazor](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/apps/aspnet/web-apps/blazor) app which houses all the components and page logic, along with models that represent components of the Sigma16 architecture, and logic for the processor
 - SigmaEmu.Assembler - a module that contains a Parser for the Sigma16 language, generated by ANTLR via a grammar definition, and a Listener that walks a Sigma16 syntax tree and produced the assembled machine code.
 - SigmaEmu.Shared - a set of shared object definitions that both Core and Assembler must make use of in order to communicate.

## Requirements
The following is required to build the project:
 - .NET 7.0 sdk
The dotnet build tools should then fetch all other required nuget packages.
Note this was only tested on a Windows 10 machine

For development, it is recommend to also get the following
 - npm, for installing and running the following packages
 - sass, for compiling custom bootstrap extensions
 - surge, for deployment
Note that the two npm packages can be obtained by simply running `npm install` as they are listed in the package-lock file.

## Build and Run instructions
### Build with hot reload
In order to build the app and enable hot reloading to quickly see changes made, run `dotnet watch --project SigmaEmu.Core` from this directory.

### Build project into binaries
In order to build the project into binaries, run the command `dotnet publish SigmaEmu.Core` from this directory.

### Build and deploy
In order to deploy the project, run the batch script named `Deploy.bat`, i.e. run `./Deploy`from this directory. Deployment can be done on it's own, using an already built version, by running the command `npx surge .\SigmaEmu.Core\bin\Debug\net7.0\publish\wwwroot\ https://sigma-emu.surge.sh`